hi everyone this is iris and today I am
going to have a special guest to help me
recreate this look inspired by Ariana
Grande there will be more pictures
available in my blog the links are in
the description bar don't forget to
follow us on Instagram
here are our profile mate thank you so
much for watching
hairsprays I usually use two types I use
a workable hairspray and I use a finish
hairspray so when you're done you can
spray it from a place called cosmic puff
but you're probably not built to get
them so I would say target try Target
amazon.com and their Paul Mitchell
worked up and also this one is Paul
Mitchell extra body firm finishing spray
and they run like a bow I want to say
this one's about sixteen twelve to
sixteen and this one is about nineteen
dollars then you're going to need a
paddle brush clips to hold the curls up
bobby pins to match the color of your
hair and then I also use like a shine
spray by Fred Niecy it's a pearl shiner
just to give it a shiny look some people
like it to look matte which is like not
shiny so don't use this but it's from me
see and I'm pretty sure you can get on
Amazon or Target this look right here we
used a one inch and then you also have
your one and a half inch for looser
curls bigger curls but I like this one
because in time your curls loosen up so
you always want to go a little bit small
into the actual size of those go home to
tease the top a little bit and just to
come through smooth nothing easy this is
it literally took us about 15 minutes
and it's just a barrel curler you can
use a one if you want the wand look if
you're used to it but if you are like
the barrel curler for this
because it's much easier just to move
out keep watching if you want this look
so first in order to create this look
you have to curl your hair all of it and
you're going to start by section in any
way you want but the way I Section is I
start from the bottom and I work my way
up to the top I left the section on the
bottom out and I curled it and then I
just dropped the next section and I just
worked my way from the left to the right
in order to get it smooth because her
hair's kind of frizzy I just sprayed it
with the workable hair bring it a little
bit paddle brush just to get the frizz
out and then I just come in through and
I start from the left and when you curl
you just always want to grab probably
like an inch width smooth it out about
two times and then curl it away from
your face depending on how you want the
curl to fall away from your faces the
way I like it but if you do it towards
your face it's more of a vintage
old-school fulfill
hold it for about five seconds and I
usually just when it falls I just hold
it and crunch it so the heat stays in
the crow and when it falls it just cools
and it holds longer okay so what I did
was I just dropped the horizontal
sections down and I curled her hair just
with the regular Sheryl Crow I use the
one inch you don't really want to do
much the curl just let it fall let it
cool like this and then as soon as you
get to the top section that's by your
face you're going to curl and then
you're going to pin them in any
direction that the style is so we're
going to go backwards so I just kind of
pinned them in anyway I just curled it I
wrapped it wrap the curl and then you
use the clip kind of like it has to be
wide and long and then you just clip it
set it and then go ahead and just do
whatever you want for like five to ten
minutes let it cool off do your makeup
or make a phone call play on Instagram
and the reason why we're doing this is
so the curls stays stays longer and it
gives up that volume by her face because
we're gonna lift the big area up to go
back so we're gonna do next is after its
cooled for about ten minutes ten to
fifteen minutes we're gonna drop the
crow just hanging from your face you're
gonna pull the cross forward going to
get your hair spray your firm hair spray
because you're going to need it for when
you tease so you back home and when you
curl it and you hold it it actually
gives you some kind of hold or some kind
of lift so you have to tease too much
and then you're gonna grab the two sides
that are falling depend on how you like
the style you're going to grab the sides
or let it down you can have it like this
or you can just grab the sides and lift
them up and we're going for like the
effortless look like you didn't really
try so you don't want to go out and like
comb it too much because it's gonna look
super smooth and that's not the look
we're going for but if you want it to
look polished and smooth then just grab
a brush and it's smooth but that's not
the look we're going for same thing on
the other side you're gonna grab this
side and you're gonna lift it kind of
like ariana grande's hair how she
doesn't really try to just kind of list
it and puts into a ponytail
so I just lifted the two sides the side
on the side created that bump and then
kind of angle it right here into the
ridge area is going to go towards your
scalp
you can use as many bobby pins as you
want as long as it feels safe and it
holds just make sure that they don't
show too much so you don't get like a
attack you look got you're gonna have
that bump and then you're gonna have a
hair flowing in the back and let me fix
these little flowers so this is how
you're gonna fix up just make sure that
your bump is even if you want it to be
bigger just pull it with your fingers
like this pull it forward
tug on it a little bit and then the
flyaways are going to spray it we're
gonna grab your comb and you're gonna
gently comb back don't comb too much cuz
again we're not trying to have it polish
we're trying to have it like definitely
grabbing with one finger like this
literally either one are like the peace
sign you're gonna grab and you're gonna
put your fingers so you get that bouncy
that for those natural curl if you see
me like this that are just kind of like
straight still you can always go back as
you don't know have a goose and then you
can always my tips are just to spray it
and give it a scrunch thank you so much
for watching this hair tutorial I hope
that you do try it at home and that it
is very easy for you to recreate as well
please remember to check below for the
links to more photos of this look also
don't forget to follow us on Instagram
thank you so much for watching and I
hope that you have been inspired